added documentation for initial occupancy deeplinks (#85)
MewsSystems/gitbook-distributor-guide: distributor-widget/reference.md

Sets a new voucher code value.

> #### setAdultCount\(adultCount\)
> 
> * `adultCount` Type: `number` - number of adults for pre-selection of room occupancy and price adjustment.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### setAdultCount\(adultCount\)

* `adultCount` Type: `number` - Number of adults to set 

Sets the number of adults that should be selected by default. 
```
Why:
- For consistency with other parts of this guide, we should: 
  - Describe the value inline. 
  - Use capital at the start of inline description. 
  - Describe more details in own paragraph. 
- I don't think people reading this guide will understand what this is doing. Could we make it clearer to total amateurs? Would new description in suggestion work?

The same applies for `setChildCount`.

Sets a new voucher code value.

#### setAdultCount\(adultCount\)

* `adultCount` Type: `number` - number of adults to set

> Sets the number of adults that should be selected by default. Space occupancy for adults on rate screen will be pre-filled according this value 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets the number of adults that should be selected by default. Space occupancy for adults on rate screen will be pre-filled according this value.
```

#### setChildCount\(childCount\)

* `childCount` Type: `number` - number of children to set

> Sets the number of children that should be selected by default. Space occupancy for children on rate screen will be pre-filled according this value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sets the number of children that should be selected by default. Space occupancy for children on rate screen will be pre-filled according this value.
```
